# Feur-Balloon
Feur + ratio + learn to code + python + git clone + WOOOOOOOW WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW dibit dioot TBTBWOOOOOOOWTBTBT

              
            







WOOOOOOOW
 WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW dibit dioot  TBTBWOOOOOOOWTBTBT
 WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW TBTBWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWTBBTBT dibit dioodDOOOT 
doooot wAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Balala booT but but BAP but ba dooooot 
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA dadut doot doot bung Bap bop bap 
cwhAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA dOoaCHA doot Cha t chat cht cht AAAAEDJ DOot chchct
 doot do DADut bung chthhctbapchbopchbap DUbudu 
wowowowowowowoWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWWWwwuwuuwuuwuwuuuuuuuuwuwuw 
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwWOWOWOWOOWOWOWOWOWOWOW DABADABAdabdbabdbadbb 
wowowowowooOWOWOWOWOWOOWOWOWmmmmmmWOWOWOWOOOWm m mm m m m mm m  wa wa wa
 wa wa doot OWOWOOWOWOWOOWOWOO WOOWOWOWOWOOWOWdot 
WOWOWOWOWOWOWWOWOWOWOWOW DABABABABABABBAbabBAbabbababab 
mmmWOWOWOWOWOWOOWOWOWOWOWooooooo oo o 
oWOwowowooWuWUwuwuuuuuuuuuuuuuRrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr wa wa wa wa wa 
dot WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA dabadadot BAP bop cht cht mMMmmmmm 
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA dopapotad dada bmtp BAP DADadoDAHhhh 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW DOO ODPOD WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW ODODPOD 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW bum bum DABOtDat bum mmaemmfmm bmmmm 
baaaagagagggg ccc ctcttc bap bop dit dot shhhwwwwwwwwWWWWWWW WOOOOOOOW 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW dibit dioot  TBTBWOOOOOOOWTBTBT 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW TBTBWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWTBBTBT dibit dioodDOOOT 
doooot wAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Balala booT but but BAP but ba dooooot 
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA dadut doot doot bung Bap bop bap 
cwhAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA dOoaCHA doot Cha t chat cht cht AAAAEDJ DOot chchct
 doot do DADut bung chthhctbapchbopchbap DUbudu 
wowowowowowowoWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWWWwwuwuuwuuwuwuuuuuuuuwuwuw 
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwWOWOWOWOOWOWOWOWOWOWOW DABADABAdabdbabdbadbb 
wowowowowooOWOWOWOWOWOOWOWOWmmmmmmWOWOWOWOOOWm m mm m m m mm m  wa wa wa
 wa wa doot OWOWOOWOWOWOOWOWOO WOOWOWOWOWOOWOWdot 
WOWOWOWOWOWOWWOWOWOWOWOW DABABABABABABBAbabBAbabbababab 
mmmWOWOWOWOWOWOOWOWOWOWOWooooooo oo o 
oWOwowowooWuWUwuwuuuuuuuuuuuuuRrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr wa wa wa wa wa 
dot WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA dabadadot BAP bop cht cht mMMmmmmm 
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA dopapotad dada bmtp BAP DADadoDAHhhh 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW DOO ODPOD WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW ODODPOD 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW bum bum DABOtDat bum mmaemmfmm bmmmm 
baaaagagagggg ccc ctcttc bap bop dit dot shhhwwwwwwwwWWWWWWW




amognus
